Needed to buy ski gear and they wanted a way to account for this without needing a hyper restrictor spending before after spend.
So, this is kind of with like the restriction and accountability after internship, I want to make sure I'm not going crazy spending step.
Another one was another respondent was telling us how She gets money for the first the first week or 2 you have the money, but you aren't really thinking about how much you will get paid.
And what she meant by that is like getting paid in the future. So she spending without thinking of kind of the consequences because she has the money now, right?
Another one was the ski thing. Sometimes we use upfront costs for things you have to spend more, but they're not.
Accurately accounting for that right in the budgeting app it seems to be failing them that was a common complaint but yeah and then just in terms of impulse It's hard when I want to do this now.
Right? Whether it be going out with friends, whether it be buying that sale, whether it be it's just hard when I want to do this now.
1 min left, Danny. Okay.
This is a little Yep, so you can go down a bit more. So, this one is really interesting.
Mint was almost like therapy, the app, right? It seems like a lot of people are describing, meant the app, right?
It seems like a lot of people are describing being a financial therapist and they weren't through their kind of app, right?
They want their app to have understanding. They spoke to this need of wanting a prediction or to match up with the changes in their spending kind of like that.
They know that they're going to spend more on ski year. Right. And it's kinda like they wanted intuition.
That being said, when it was good, it was great, right? This lady had, been using, Rocket or the original rocket for like over 10 years and build a habit into it.
But other users, right, with some of the newer apps, but this was specifically with Rocket Money Plus.
She stopped using it because the educations had their encouragement. They weren't custom. And then the scroll down for the last one.
I'll quickly touch on this. And it was how the relationship is deeply affected by others.
Disappears and you're eating out and dining with friends to and throw. Almost everyone spoke to either their kids messing up their finances, right, because they didn't pay them back to the phone bell or their friends hit him on a Friday, hit them up on a Friday and was like, Hey, you want to do this?
And they had no plans and it went completely astray, right? And they destroyed their budget. One person told us we're gonna say no and yeah.
Alright, Danny. So question for you. So what are the implications here? Because I have a lot of questions about, you know, the process and the screening criteria, like who you were talking to, what you're trying to learn.
But that being said, tell us what your plan is now. We'll see where that takes us.
Yeah, definitely. So we're essentially what we're trying to do right now is build into our one of like the functions that we have in our hardware device, right, is focused on finance and we're trying to essentially make it easier.
For people not have to think because or track things, right? Which leads to kind of the issue, some of the issues that they're having here.
So that was kind of the big takeaways that we can't be forcing people to like input stuff and have to track things we need to build that intuition to what we're doing now.
Okay, so between now and let's just say demo day as an arbitrary deadline. What are we trying to get done with Plank Labs?
Yeah. So. We are aggressively shipping the alpha. We're actually to take away from this is that we're not really focusing on finance anymore.
We're trying to build the hardware platform with the base functions in the app store to allow people to build their experiences on our device.
So that's doing now.
We allow people to build their experiences in your device. Tell me more about what that means.
Yeah, so literally so we realized that there's always fragmented solutions between OSS and private companies, but really the only way you're ever gonna drive and find the best experiences, the best coaches, the best, whatever it may be, is by letting the people who are best at that build them out and test through them.
So we're going to give people a platform to essentially be able to host their experiences, host their games, host their functions to allow people to essentially purchase them in the package way or whether like literally app store style, right?
And be able to learn from that, what people actually want and don't want.
Okay, give me a use case. So give me one very specific. Hyper specific use case for what you're talking about.
Yep. Yeah, so literally if like me, you and, Pardo went to dinner, Bill's 120 bucks.
I could text a VI message or just say, Hey, me party and Neil just went to dinner, 120.
And that's gonna be built through your. To your app store.
Yeah.
That's a base. That's no that's a base function. So just like a phone has a date like certain things preloaded ours this 2 we've been like not doing nothing but shipping for the past like 9 days now like we're not shipping.
Okay. Got it. I think what I'm gathering is that there's going to be more time required to process the scope.
That you're talking about. There's a lot that you sound like you've like kind of evolved into.
Definitely.
So I'll open the floor. I'll let other people ask any questions or make any comments.
Good. I think I have a lot more process. My question is primarily, if you fill up that first, I think comment about the, Poland students don't care about money.
And you made that statement, I believe. I personally care about money going in college because I didn't have like the Shane. I had a paper myself.
I'm curious of the subset that you surveyed were they commuter students for students that went to like I imagine this is kind of a little bit of a color perspective, but I mentioned I'm not a sample size one and there are others out there who don't have parents.
But do they do about half the work your job manage money because you know that people have the tightest budget talking to the money the most efficient way.
Totally. No, yeah, I totally hear you. Like, there's definitely affluence speaking here in these, in some of these people that we interviewed.
I think the key thing though is right there, right? Even if like the peads are self funding, whatever, and we heard one of the people we talked to was one of like the ones who wasn't affluent.
It's the fact that it's right because they're college kids, they're so pure pressured, they're so wanting to have fun in all these things, it's they don't, they care, right?
But then their buddy comes and is like, hey Mark, let's go get drinks, blah, blah, blah, and that leads to one thing.
Then they might get drunk and then, you know, like spend like crazy. So it's not that they don't care that they're not.
They don't like that's kind of the thing they don't actually care and I know that there are some people in very different situations.
But then those people also are going to buy my device because they don't have money too. So that's kind of why we also pivot it directly from like trying to solve.
Like be your like financial god is what we realize is not the way like we're not gonna solve that ourselves it's so nuanced.
Okay, alright, Danny, there's a lot, there's a lot to digest, I think, for me at least, but I'm excited to like dig into it with you.
Yeah.
Have you been?
Have you been? Yeah.
I mean, We have not slept in forever, but it's been. Yeah.
Okay, alright, well take a nap. And then I will see you soon, man. Okay.
Cool. Alright, got a question.
Testing. Alright guys, I notice I'll make this quick. Okay. And this is my first time.
There we go. Yes, there we go. Awesome. Hey guys, Jeremy with Corzo.
We're open to feedback. This is our why for the wise. So go to the next slide.
So what we did was in our screening criteria, we interviewed 10 people. The screening was who has hired a financial software within the last 6 months or a financial advisor.
Most of the people we interviewed. Had a financial app. We noticed that in the we were able to cluster the interviews into.
3 clusters and the 2 main groups that we saw were that the first cluster stemmed, the most energy was around a reactionary.
We'll see that shortly. The second, third clusters, then come a more proactive sense of urgency in the sense of, There may have been a life transition or.
They, they know that they need to be doing forward the money. In the next one. So the first cluster.
This group. It will allow to where is my paycheck going? They looked at their finances or they look back and they're like, wow, we're spending all this money.
Where is it going? Yeah, I looked up the GPS phone. Second group, I can't spin the way I used to anymore.
They may have got laid off. They got laid off, something happened. The previous speaker, interestingly enough, college student, the parents were like, no, I don't want this forge anymore.
I can't support you. You're, grown up. I'm a third cluster.
I know there is what I should be doing. So they know they have the money. They have the means, but they just don't know what they should be doing.
And we'll go into some use cases in the next slides.
Right, so where's my paycheck going? So as you can see, I won't read the pains, the pushes the, the, I didn't have this.
But in a nutshell, if we look at some of the quotes. Yeah, I'm using my debit card a lot for those reefs. They want to know that that's a problem. They want to know that.
Well, I spent 4 times last week. I should do something about that. Or some of the other quotes.
No, I want everything to be in one place so there's no guessing as to what happened.
A lot of these individuals have a lot of accounts. They want it all in one place. What am I doing?
What should I be? What should I do to mitigate the damage of my paycheck history?
And Jamie, I'm sorry to jump in. I just want to, I'm excited about this, because I think you have some Out of these 3, which of them is the most salient to you?
Like, which one are you all gonna drill into? Because we should spend most of our time focusing on that cluster.
So we're, diving into that now. Yeah, yeah, this is really good though.
I just wanted to be clear like let's spend all of my fun cluster that you know wanted to get into if you want.
I see what you mean. Okay, perfect. Okay, so we'll go to the next slide.
This one was also pretty, interesting. So there are individuals who may, they may make a lot of money.
I work that meta and I got laid off. Just give an example. They now have a substantially lower income.
They're going through a live transition. They can't maintain the same lifestyle. So this was a big thing for most folks.
So they wanted to understand now they have to look at their finances a lot more granularly because they can't just do a mental math of, oh yeah, we're making more than we're bringing, we're making more than worth spending.
You know, that's actually fine, And then finally, if we go to, and this is also where the college student, was as well with the parents.
Finally, the last slide.
We had, I know it's why I can be doing my money. I know it's a woman that we interviewed who had children and she was, she had their money at a regular savings account but she knew that when she got the statement she was like, you know what, this interest isn't building up as much.
She wanted to do something else, put into how you'll savings. She learned more from influencers as she followed up line, ended up putting into the high your savings account.
So that can grow at a more substantial rate. So this was more of I have the money I need to be educated as to what I should be doing.
What, and it finally, essentially the last slide, but if you go to the next one.
Oh, these were the job statements that the aggregated job statements from the interviews. This is really nice. Yeah, shout out to Kate and the team.
We, you iterated a lot on this. Of course. So thank you. Alright, so talk us to what's next.
Sorry, Let's get to work. We got insights. We're at this stage. Now we gotta build and produce and get customers.
How are we gonna do that? Right. So first of all, some of the anxieties that we saw in there around security and Now, we're gonna make sure our security is, we're gonna make sure our security is our type.
Oh, all that's the table stakes. Will be noticed from here in terms of getting that deep empathetic understanding of what the true customers pains are.
We realize that our school like at least on the technical side, the question that we were trying to have the software answer, it was way more complicated than what they really needed.
So they just want to know at the end of the day, am I going to be okay? Can I make this purchase?
Whereas what we were doing with AI was this complex. You know, I wanna have a 4% drawdown, and bring in this much, higher, for the next 5, 15 years or something.
Very complex scenarios. But I'm gonna use my demo day Delta question for you. Same one I asked Danny before.
What happens between today and was it May thirtieth or 30 first something like that thirtieth between now and May thirtieth.
What is the force? We're narrowing the scope, the scope of where on the technical side.
We're hearing the scope of the types of questions that we answer very well. So we have product.
Do we have users? Do we have customers? Are we live? Okay, right.
So we, we will have a data, well, we will, we will be live. The application will be downloadable on the Apple Store.
And we'll have, we'll have, we're building up our, waiting list as we speak.
So it'll be live by demo day. Okay, alright, we'll get real back actually because this was hiring.
People who are hired other finance labs, but we'll also. Right. So in my initial reaction here is that you'll probably need to choose.
One of these buckets to focus on design for and acquire customers through first. So I see.
Yes.
Thanks. Okay, Justin. Sorry, I'm getting money.
Gotcha, it's coming off. It's like you gotta go for more. I love it.
Who's going? Ready. Hi, Neil. Hello.
Is this Sam or Jeremy or Sydney? Guys, don't let me dominate this if you have opinions like, you know, jumping in there, you know.
Hi guys, good morning. Thank you. And so our criteria, so why? Who are restaurants are hiring to bring high value customers to the doors?
We find out that one of the main things that restaurants can do these days and you'll see that on the next lives.
The same criteria did not change. It's independent restaurants owners, decision makers that have recently adopted or actively using a loyalty, world program in their establishments.
You'll see later what happened but that's we stick to that for a program in the establishments.
You'll see later what happened, but that's we stick to that for them. For the, 8 interviews that we did, we did 8 interviews 6 for quality.
And we found that, very interesting things about our competition. most of them, Using which we'll get into that later in a minute.
They use toes to do the job. They do their own in-house systems. They do and blackbird which is something that we thought was a big big competitor and it's actually not that's our case, sorry, so, just, a little context about it.
So we have 2 clusters. Our first one is I like to turn the one, some month customer into a week payment.
So, just going very quickly to the forces. This basically, one, one manager said that the market is crowded.
So after COVID, a lot of restaurants reopened after they closed, but then customers are not spending as much.
So that's the in having that they adopted during COVID. So they're very careful. So they wanna bring people back.
The pool, they just want something easy, but they see, the one, they wanted normal customers, they wanna know their allergies, favorite dishes, ordering habits, they can actually market to them in a more nice way.
A lot of the anxiety goes for all of them in the, the, Thank you.
And, most of them, they have a list just, they just, to their systems. I don't wanna change.
This is too much of a change. It just, even if they don't like what they have, they just wanna keep it.
And then the next cluster is. So that's my statement. But you should.
Integration is crucial. So that was something that we notice, in the second round of interviews that we did.
Some of us have plastic loyalty programs, like plastic cards, so they are very expensive like $5 a pod.
The things get damaged, blah, blah, blah. And all buffers is having hard time tracking users.
The pool, resentos is convenient, they can do things remotely. Constable, more options to link reservations into the app.
And to their, programs, another, society that is used is training on the staff.
It was running on the side of so much council and then our insights. And the next slide. We can skip that.
So, so we realize that our biggest competitor is 7 6 out of the restaurants that we interview and they were telling me that was he was doing that job.
But we didn't realize that it was reservation systems, and they were telling me that was was doing that job.
But we didn't realize that if it was reservation system, so they're actually, that can be worse or, definitely knowing your customer. So we are going to do next.
We're gonna go ahead and interview restaurants that has that, or switch to recipe in the past year, specifically those that switch from open table to breast.
So we have to. So, all right. Well, thank you. So I have 2 things.
One is feedback. Okay. I, my reaction here is that your analysis seems to be very much focused on the functionalities in the comparison of these platforms rather than the struggling moment of the restaurant themselves.
So I'm guessing you have that information, but maybe it's not being presented here. It's probably underneath the insights that you've already kind of used to render this.
So what difference are you ultimately going to make for a restaurant relative to the other alternatives to the other alternatives that they already have.
Like what are we proposed and we bring we're proposing integration. We are looking already to integrate with your systems because that's a big pain that they have.
They complain that the big pain is to have all these different systems that they don't work together. So that the reservations have the POS, they have the payment system that is separated.
And all the systems kinda like try to get to know the customer, but all separated. They don't work together for every restaurant either.
So it's all like almost like. It's just doesn't work. So what happens if they don't have what you're offering and they stick to what's here?
Like what like, how does the world like getting so much worse because GIF Graham doesn't get the job done.
If you all don't succeed in what you're setting out to do. What's the downside risk for any restaurant?
I don't think it's gonna get worse. But it's not gonna get paid. Meaning 9 restaurants really struggle to make money.
Okay, so, They don't even want to do it because I don't know how they don't have time.
They don't have CRMs to really tell them who their customers are and when they do it they do it reservation systems manually.
So all this information systems manually. So all this information, cause, in those systems. Okay. So all this information, test glass in those systems. Okay.
So, like, they, start into just keep trying the same cycle of trying to make more money and then they're just lost in those systems. Okay.
So like, they would just stop in to just keep trying the same cycle of trying to make more money and then they're gonna close like a lot of them.
So my instinct here is that there might be some restaurants who are hiring these platforms that are going to be a perfect fit for you all the design for.
I don't know who because we have to I think we go back in the layers for your research because it sounds like you interviewed a lot of different types of people in different situations at restaurants.
The specificity related to the particular nuance role of the person who decides. At the restaurant to sign up for a loyalty program or not.
To talk to and find the right person always, right? So, okay. So last question, We're here today.
May thirtieth got a couple of months or month and a half, whatever. What are we getting done by then?
Oh, obviously we're going with the idea of a reservation system. And that's not gonna be going for demo day, but we know that having the digital memberships for loyalty will be often ultimately could be a part of a reservation system.
So we're gonna still work on that. We are gonna do more interviews to make sure on the right track.
And we wanted to, specifically, like you said, is one kind of person. Just restaurants that higher risk in the past year.
And it will be great if they wish to go from open table to dressing. Interesting. Okay, good.
Last thing. Yeah, it's like the where you get by down the day is to really have a.
It's gonna get identified as that person. Okay, this is gonna be a parking so let's do it It's tough this, but it's a making sense to you pull it off. Yeah.
Alright, good job, team. Thank you.
Let's go. Alright, What's up? Sorry. I'll need to apologize.
Everybody's, presentation is actually, TRISCIANA. So yeah, So our experience criteria was, anyone who has actually like Sign up to be a customer.
Since we launched because we wanted to be super focused on people that have actually decided to work with us that was a good and a bad thing.
Because we did have the numbers. We thought we were going to be able to get, at least, the JTB that is done.
We weren't able to, we know the reason why we only did 4 and we wanted days.
And the reason is when we were trying to chase them now because we have integration issues, or not issues, delays, they thought we were chasing them down to chase them down about integration rather than about the interviews.
So there was a kind of, and we got really good insights. I'll just speak to a few of them.
The first is across all of them. They are all very very particular about the fact that they don't want the regulator to get to find them over the last 2 years a number of people have lost their licenses.
And so that has created a lot of fid. So we saw that one of the reasons why they were drawn to our platform, because we had a strong link in our.
Communication to the regulators. So that was one thing that we saw. They're really scared of the.
So what's the cost? What's the what's the risk? Oh, what's gonna happen?
The licenses and then therefore laid out so they use their business and then therefore laid out so they use their business and then they're for laid out.
So they use their business and then they can continue. There's no people that's happened to.
Yes, we do. The second is, we need to manage the administration, the admin stuff.
So a lot of people that we spoke to when we try to understand, questions. Bill, what are you doing now?
What were you doing before? You came to Rak file. Before you started using a solution like going through that's the timeline they said they were using multiple different platforms.
To kind of get through the work. And so one of the key things when we're talking about our solution and selling it to them was the fact that they could kind of have everything within one workflow.
And so for them, it was feeling a bit overwhelmed. Just the fact that I have to deal with one provider just makes my job 7% easier.
So that was something that we saw across all the 4 people that we just makes my job 7% easier.
So that was something that we saw across all the 4 people that we spoke with. That was, so in Nigeria, because all of our customers currently in Nigeria, there is a lot of our customers currently in Nigeria, there is a lot of publicity with the exchange rates.
1, one week to 1,000 naira of $1 the next week is 1,500 and so that is creating a carb on their bottom line and so .
We are one of One, one of our customers, we said that my friend said, don't speed anyone unless they are charged in the.
And so that was one of the things that was important to them in the decision making process. The fourth cluster, so that we saw that across all the 4 people that we spoke to, the fourth cluster was actually address one person that we call Zoom and a more altruistic thing.
Oh, they, and we kind of had the insights. They kind of, had the insights of, they were kind of cool, looking into the innovation space.
They liked the fact that we were fired by AI and they just wanted people that any new thing comes out, they want to get involved.
And so there was more for them rather than there was a push. So the fact that we were able to communicate that we were building our cool solutions in AI and now we were, for something improving that was something that they kind of resonated with.
So it's, but there was one club person that said that is why we are going with you.
So that is why we are going with you. So those were the 4 classes we've said that is why we're going with you.
So those were the 4 classes we saw. The plan is to still across all the customers. You're full steam ahead, right? You're running this.
So what's happening with the business now? What are the implications? I trust that you'll keep doing this again, what you need, but like it sounds like you're already operating.
So talk about the next steps for the business overall. So if you could just go down a bit, sorry.
So what, back about the portion of the pool, the habits and the anxiety. Push that into our cell cycle.
On the signing, where we should be in our marketing and our website and knowledge. For instance, with the anxiety, we're putting that first forward around the integration.
New processes, the launcher. So we're using the insights to be able to drive out and communicate your value with our customers.
Stage but for each of the cluster. Yeah, rather than just, because these are different groups of people with different, right?
You want this for each of them, write that out, and then you can try and target each one with these.
Just doing it for all of them. I think it's a, to end specific moment and someone's like, you didn't, because the whole point is that you understand their specific moment in the different clusters.
Just to go what she's saying, pick a lane, right? Because if you want, you want to develop the ability to decide which customer require in which way.
So you take one of those and go, this is a customer that we want to build to decide which customers are require in which way.
So you take one of those and go, this is the customer that we want to build a campaign around and target and make sure that we focus on like the right channels to get, you know, inactivate.
So you know whether I'm in a timeline, you know what struggling moment they're going through, therefore you know how to pull them in and make them aware of your presence. Right?
Yeah, okay. Any other? Beat. Sweet.
Okay. Hello! Well.
As you guys can probably see our slides are a little bit different. It was the best. We in short, only actually had the opportunity to really do one sort of Meaningful jobs to be done interviews realistically.
So we haven't had really synthesize it in the way that you guys done. The reason why is because apparently we realized the B to B to C model that we are going after we really understand.
Here, which is a pain. Is really with the consumer who needs to borrow. First, you know, the paid loan and the lender doesn't have that same thing, but that's who we're selling to.
So we may not know this actually. We pivoted like the couple of weeks before Tech Stars to go from a game worker credit card direct to go to my game worker credit card direct to go from a game worker credit card direct to go to my game worker credit card direct consumer to underwriting as a service inclusive and explainable AI underwriting sold the lenders and a service inclusive and explainable, to underwriting
as a service, inclusive and, underwriting as the service, inclusive, and, and, a, underwriting, sold the lenders, and, a, I, underwriting, sold the lenders, and they require a lot of, we're thinking about that as a company.
But the taking way here is that we had not thought about jobs to be done from the correct perspective. So we've actually fallen back over the past week and restructured our pipeline for jobs to be done to focus on.
Essentially reached out to a hundred plus credit unions. Reach out to banks because we actually found really good product market that with James Garvey itself, which is another text guys company, the largest credit builder card.
He said I absolutely want to use you guys because my team has been telling me that this is not possible and if you guys can pull it off the data you're showing me we will use you.
That was big win. We already knew that the other second biggest public credit card, Ava, has told us we want you guys to build this house.
We don't have the in house credit expertise. So we kind of realized, are we on and does honestly shout out to community because I wasn't honestly spending enough time talking to our customers because I was like I've spent the past decade talking to the what the, or consumer, but he made a good point, which is let's assume that we actually do have product market fit with James and with Sel and with Ava.
And if you take a look here at essentially the total size of consumer debt in mortgage. And you're, IT, IT, IS, IT, IS, IT, WANT, TO, THE, HOPE, from, from, our road map.
But if you take a look at credit cards, I have been making the assumption that in fintech credit cards are underwritten by a, well, they're underwritten by, algorithms, basic decision trees that are structured by a human.
However, it turns out the manual underwriting by credit unions, which are a much bigger distributor of credit to the average population, the more, you know, Midwest and so forth.
They have even underwriters. They don't actually even really do anything. So I just digitally collect these forms.
In some cases, paper. And it turns out if you next slide.
It turns out that if you look at the Federal Reserve's research, You those loans underperform they don't rescued that worse performance.
So what's most important here is that this work right here, this is how many you guys like heard the Federal Reserve speak in here and talk about melting but also save things that move the entire market.
These words were potential for agency conflict is I basically implies When people are on the edge. We don't make the right decisions.
It's because of systemic racism and essentially how these credit processes are built by the people in charge of local credit unions.
Their risk, they're not risk tolerant and that's what we realize. We need to understand and talk to when our new jobs to be done interviews credit loan officers and credit risk officers at the credit unions to understand why they're using these expensive humans to make these decisions.
Okay, so so like aside from interviewing, because I trust that you guys will do that. Yeah. What are you doing?
Like, what are you up to right now? Yeah. So we just got featured in a DSS.
So let's speak in Pintech, featured us coming, we think it was, they actually didn't reject those proactively.
I think it was the home of things. I mean, or Fintech, meet up where we are finalists in that pitch competition.
I pave and a couple other like kind of AI underwriting companies. So we were actually looking to partner with person data.
The takeaway there is that we're like first in line essentially to do explainable AI when it comes to underwriting.
Nobody else has thought to apply the ability to have the machine tell the regulator why I made a particular decision.
So even just if we could improve the inclusion part, which we thought was important from like a pricing perspective, the explainability is actually almost more important.
And that's actually what we've been spending time. Unfortunately, Bob got sick last night. So he's happy to go home, I think.
But long story short, he's been working on a new infrastructure. We're focused on explainability from day one being our core.
So we've actually basically heads down. Figuring out how do we build a more ethical system for AI that essentially has a loop of feedback loop.
A human in a loop to make sure that the models are doing the right thing. I don't want to improve outcomes of inclusion So, all right, improve outcomes of inclusion.
So yeah, break it, break it down for us, and what is the difference here? So does the customer sign, scroll down over?
If you look at this, essentially the data that Federal Reserve has about how humans perform based off a PhICOS for another default rate is you can see that here the humans have a higher default rate when they make the prediction versus a machine.
No surprise that, but what's really important here is that when you take a look at the education, I'm not going to go back here is that when you take a look at the edge piece, I'm not going to go back to previously and what it says here is that when humans are the decision maker, they make the most wrong decisions.
When somebody's on the edge. In short, if somebody's borderline. Then the elsewhere that human insight makes the most problems and people will do it.
Sort, of essentially called gamification. If somebody is like, if you know if the underwriter knows that you need to have a, on the 40% and they don't think about 41%.
They're like, yeah, this person has a 20%. That whole game, right? 106 80 is typically what we see in our data.
Don't be like, oh, it's first thing you know, we need to be in your credits for, on self and then we'll give you this for, that, of gaining the system, knowing that there are these human derived hard cutoffs.
Those insights are essentially what we need to bring out with our AI and our understanding. Actually, this person is credit worthy and they don't need to wait and like in the system.
So what's true on May 30? Is it true today about the progress that the prime is gonna think?
Yeah, so ideally we will have sold to Ava and be integrated that's really impressive. And so, James, you can back me this week if we can have a strategic partnership between alloy and self and ourselves.
The visa thing will be helpful with that actually. So we can distribute you through how long long term.
Part of myself is our first customer. And then, clothes would be credit, you know, as an LOI, because there's a single second longer than this entire program.
Yes, that's the part plan. Okay. All right. Good stuff.
Okay. Alright.
Okay.
Okay. Okay.
Oh, I'm sorry about that. I was talking, I was, on mute.
Awesome. Perfect. Got a bit of a runny note. So I'm just gonna take my video off here.
But cool. Yeah, so this is our. It's actually gonna be that there's slide over that's gonna go over our, yeah, our screening criteria.
So our screening criteria is to like uncover like the critical pain points that influenced active traders and investors that have been partating in the markets at least.
Monthly to purchase 2 or more trading tools over the last 6 months. And these would be like tools in addition to what they were originally using and then now we can go back to slide 2.
Cool. And then I actually had this cluster insight during our book club meeting with Neil around 2 weeks back.
So that meeting actually helped out a bit. But yeah, so the Y before the Y. So. What these customers that I interviewed were they were wanted to find professional great tools that were simple to use So they still wanted those same robust capabilities of institutional systems, but they still wanted to have the same powerful features and insights without being overwhelmed by all the complexity.
Another was they wanted they needed help identifying the right opportunities And so they wanted simple tools that would filter out all that noise and help them find the best trade or investment opportunities.
Whether they were daydrating or you know trading off a greater horizon. And then they wanted confirmation before acting on a trade and this was a subset of this a a subset of people that would use these tools but would also use subscribe to a bunch of community and subscription services that would give them technical analysis.
Via forums that would validate or reinforce them. Their like rationale before committing to a trade or a position.
And then, this third subset was, you know, a subset of customers that didn't want to face the markets alone.
They basically wanted to be a part of a community of people. That we're using the exact same tools as them and they wanted consensus from that community before moving forward with executing on a trade or investment.
And then we can go on to slide 4. Cool. So this is a lot. So I'm just gonna like pick the most ceiling point here, like.
Well, so, start to jump in. There's 1 min left with the main time. Is there one of these 4 clusters?
Yep.
That matters more to you right now than any of the other ones.
Yeah, we can actually scroll all the way to the last slide actually here.
One more over. There we go. Yeah. So basically what they all have in common is that they're they want the tools, the simple tools, but they want a community around these tools, a community where there are people that are giving either expert insights or people that are adding their feedback, it's like how they're using these tools and how to help them over the long term.
So That's essentially what I'm gonna be focused on is adding that community element to our platform.
Cool.
Cause the tools alone aren't, they can be robust and super helpful and so on, but if the tools alone aren't going to like really cut it, they want to have that that sense of community, that sense of validation that other people are doing using some of the same things that they're using and they're successful with it.
So that's gonna be our primary focus is that building.
X. That's so fascinating, Parto. So one is I thought we got a quick glimpse of that because it sounds like everybody in our program immediately signed up for your platform when you offered that base camp.
So that was cool. But 2, so amongst the folks that are interested in community, did you learn anything in particular about what situation that subgroup.
Of individuals are in that would put you in a position not only to build the right feature on the product side but from an acquisition and awareness standpoint you know where to find Okay.
What situations are they in now where when you once you assuming you build the right features? Could you present these 2 that's going to lead to the conversion that you want?
Yeah, absolutely. Well, many of them are active in sub forums, either like trading your forums or Reddit forums and like there are certain credit forms where you can like kinda narrow it down from.
The most popular or the most popular assets that people are having discussions about whether it be like Tesla or Apple stock or Nvidia stock, that's where you kind of like find those people that are trying to find entries into these particular markets or unique.
Interesting.
Unique ways of like, figuring out what's the best time to invest in these markets.
And that's where you have here a lot of the discussion of like the variety of different tools that they're using and how it's like they're using these tools to simplify the rationale before moving forward with their executions.
Yeah, my instinct to your part is that you're the revelation of the community building pieces is key and it's a signal of you know how you can actually build out a way to establish awareness for your company without having to invest a lot of marketing.
So once you get this community going, there's a lot of ways for the community to become promoters of your product itself.
That's exactly it. That's right. One of the.
Yeah, before demo date, what I'm trying to get done is we're currently an open beta, but we want to move it to general availability.
And then like people that use our tools, our platform to execute on a trade, they should be able to save that.
Got it.
Save almost like a replay of when they executed how they used our AI tools and what analysis. Are the IT tools gave them in that execution and turn it into like a blog post and then people should be able to like have a question about what happened at that specific point in time.
Yeah, that's interesting. Okay, last question. My last question and then I think Vincent has a question for you.
Mine is, how would you define? Customer success right now. So someone who designs up on your platform, all of us and others.
Who reaches an outcome that Trinity of Labs is optimized for and how would you describe that output?
Consistent profitability overall the long term. So.
Got it. Perfect. Thank you. Thanks.
Have you? I will, I myself as a Wall Street events degenerate on Reddit.
Yeah.
So, IT, IS, IT, IS,
Sorry, could you repeat that?
Just come close to you today. In short, have you considered the Wall Street? On Reddit for them because those people tend to be very passionate and interested in helping each other find opportunities.
In the market, if you know like the Robin Hood story and all of stuff that happened during the pandemic, they all traded into like talk to each other and then now this movies about it, right?
Yeah. Yes. And they want to target like, This very unique points just before the asset ends up with the ends up making a big move, which we call volatility squeezes, so our tool can actually like fine volatility squeezes with the high degree of accuracy.
So that's, those are the sorts of forums or I'm gonna like kinda like. Edge in with my particular tool and its expertise in that like discussion.
And,
Yeah, so part of I really like, the community based sort of revelation that you had, question for you is have you considered creating maybe like I know this blog posting sounds cool but what I'm thinking just intuitively is starting a discord group where you just create let people create their own channels and sort of like organically take it their own direction makes a lot of sounds here.
Yeah, that actually that's actually really interesting because my mentors mentioned that as well, but I was mostly worried about the overhead of like keeping things like PG rated, like trying to like.
I don't think it matters.
Burns, I don't see anything PG related.
Ha ha!
Prevent people. Fighting each other and like, you know. Yeah. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, I just like, cause people can get pretty, aggressive with each other when they disagree on certain like ask.
Yeah, no, you, you can moderate, the support channels and bots, but anyways, we can talk about this later.
Got it, got it. Yeah, that's exactly it. Since, yeah, moderation is like one of my big concerns with starting at this channel, but my mentors have mentioned the same thing.
During, as well. So it has been on my radar, so I appreciate it.
All right, Partner, you've gotten wind in your salesman. A lot of people are fans of you and your platform, so go for it.
Thank you.
You're asking to go next. Cause we were going in the order people submitted to be fair
Yes, totally fine. No.
Is that cool? Okay, cool. So excess is next. They're online.
All right, hey everyone. I was leaning by Kersey through the party last night. I appreciate you all having fun and sharing photos.
Cool. Okay. I'll jump into it. Just I'll recap with screen criteria.
First, we were really deep. So, resellers who, so at least 20 pairs per year and are familiar with sports betting or have gambled on sports in past 60 days was one criteria second to that where alternative asset collectors so that rate just watches to beer to myriad of things who have added sold or added to the collection in the past 6 months and also bounce sports in the past 90
days. So the overarching objective here was to go back and understand that journey, particularly looking to understand.
As we've all been discussing, what was the motivation across that period? Where were the ups and downs and was that period, were the ups and downs and was that what was that like as far as find that inflection point.
So within these 2 groups, we got a really, I guess, mix of perspectives. Interviews range from 30 to 60 min, but ultimately he was trying to dive into that decision making process.
So if you scroll down a little bit. Across this 2 parent perfect that's perfect spot across those 2 groups i'll take you through the first cluster here really it's simply put like i don't know to actually do differently and i think i just hit the ceiling and this is this is in regard to the single reselling game.
This is in so in trying to make money in that. And if you look down below and that image, the job to be done there is pretty explicit.
And I'll read it out and I'll show you the rest of the kind of anecdotes when covered to land there.
But effectively here, it's when I want to grow my sneaker reselling business. I want to make money work consistently.
I need a reliable plug, so I don't get stale inventory. I have to keep taking L's or to recruit my money for the next drop.
So what that means, if anyone outside of seekers, effectively they need a supplier to make sure that they actually get the volume they need.
So they don't have to dip back into existing inventory to sell at a loss in order to get that next drop and for context drops are roughly Go ahead.
Yeah, go ahead.
Well, so I'm gonna jump in. Sorry to jump in. I just wanna make sure I'm tracking time and I'm realizing how many clusters do you have?
Just 3 and they're quick. I can bring the room. Yeah.
Just 3. So between the 3, did you choose, do you have one in mind that you're gonna make the next move on?
I would say it's, it's actually a combination of both, of a couple.
So I think the headlines of 2 of them. I'll get you the 2 that I think make the most sense.
About 3 or 2. Okay, let's cover those 2. Okay, cool.
Okay, cool. Okay, perfect. If you scroll down to the second point. There's another one like a Here, here we go. Okay.
So this I hear a cluster true, cluster 2 is all about trust. And this was a verbatim, right?
You can't trust anyone. And so if you break it down, what's kind of happening between the combination, the first one around the ability to grow and not having a path forward, but also this really confined space of not trusting anyone.
And it came out really clear that there's a lot of practices. There's back door, in the spots, there's so many layers of this that make it impossible.
There's a quote that I have up there around, 95% of resellers won't make it and that the top 5 will continue to make all the money.
And what we experience to these kind of first 2 clusters is that individuals feel trapped like the sense of hesitation that they can't transfer their network to another asset class if they want to.
They can't get the analytics or any other additional data that's supporting the decision. So ultimately they feel disheartened.
And effectively it's because the combination of those 2. So from us, what that means as an implication standpoint, we're always in the space of understanding.
Trust but through an educational kind of gamified experience. And so this laid us in a place of understanding what does fairness mean?
We're trying to break that down and we think there's no moment of what games represent from a psychopathy standpoint as this leveling playing field.
I think we can. What's that?
Okay. Can you summarize the business opportunity here? Like what money is being left on the table right now from the folks that aren't able to utilize?
You know, the system properly because when I see breakdown that I love that quote, the 95 5% quote, however it's scary too because the instinct is that The real money is on the demand side of the top 5%.
So are we playing to the group that isn't actually going to make you profitable as a business?
It's a valid challenge. I think for us that group is probably pretty well sought after they've got the network.
They've got volume. I don't really know if they have any pain points in that way.
I mean, I think they're moving, they're making enough money in the business is booming.
I, we haven't spoke to them. That wasn't part of this exercise, but from an outside perspective, I think they're okay.
It's actually the biggest pain that I see is in these folks that had really comes down to expectation alignment.
They came in thinking flipping sneakers going to be super easy and it's just not. And so all the tools that are serving them, they're not getting the value from it.
So for us, the game has have an educational component that helps them understand. I've learned more about the market.
So even part of those point, I think that collectivism, the community aspect around it, I think learning is critical and also being able to practice in that environment.
So we're leaning towards pretty much supporting them and finding ways to get around, that particular block that they have.
Where does the money come in though? Where when did you get paid?
So we're intending to apply a wager on top of these. So I know it's kind of a long story, but effectively in the game, you're able to create a virtual asset.
So that means in that you're able to take whatever you are going to sell and potentially sell and able to kind of run trials on that and potentially even add a wager on top of that to go head head head against someone.
So with you then the idea of fairness, you're kind of not playing the market anymore, you're playing individuals, be able to kind of learn in that process.
Okay.
So the business model would be a few things. It could be off the wager it could be off of the time spent in that.
There could be an advertising angle to that. But ultimately we're still trying to figure that out and in the focus right now as far as the next question will be demo day is we're building out all the flows and really understanding what's gonna be sticky so the actual gaming experience is actually what keeps people there and they're learning they're getting value from that and then we'll try to.
Alright, I'll take you away. So I'm going to say something that I don't know if I've said so far at these JTBD presentations historically, which is I think before you said you're building out flows, like it sounds like product insights, which would make sense naturally from JTV insights by instinct years before you move forward product.
I think you should build a financial model or you should update your financial model to reflect the goal of that product development, translating to those transactions, hitting the numbers that you want for the city of Iowa business.
Like we need to look at it on a spreadsheet and go, oh hell yeah, this makes a lot of sense.
This is going to become a big business if you pull this off. Therefore, it's worth building and implementing these features in this way.
Does that make sense?
Make total sense.
Okay.
So yeah, let's all work together with you on like looking at what the numbers would look like over time for this to be like successful in viable.
Cause I get, since you're gonna need to raise capital to make this work because you're not gonna make enough money in the short run to like cover your costs if you're gonna go full time on this.
Correct, yeah.
Alright, good stuff.
Awesome. Thanks, everyone.
Alright.
Thank you.
Yeah, but once so we reach out to, so we implemented, benefits program. And so we started 9, actually 10 as this morning, but we think that we need more interviews and discussing with Paige, we actually agree that even if we have drafts clusters.
Today we are sharing insights and we need more internal use especially like we have been talking through people doing compensation and giving But we want to talk to people really looking at impact investment, more financial staff.
And also with this program that the CFO is really key in the decision making. So we actually want to do some jobs to belong with innovating CFOs because we think they could make a big difference and later on.
In a few months. Jobs to be done with employees as well. So while you're doing those additional interviews which makes total sense is there also something that you're thinking about cost of finance.
From just like a moving forward standpoint like How do we over the next 2 months while doing interviews still make business progress as well?
Yes, in parallel what we are all doing is also to test the messaging to HR directors and CFO in the next few weeks.
Of this to see what resonates and get people engaged. Got so you're gonna test the messaging out to get people engaged, play it out.
So we people are engaged and we're measuring what to test that engagement, which translate into what actions.
We then and see if the state flow is gonna be more impactful. I guess what I'm asking is like is there is there going to be actual, like value added?
Are they gonna use your platform? Are they gonna take actions? Are people gonna sign up? Right, let me start in there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And for the, IT doesn't have a second client. Right. Next slide.
So some of the instruction, we really know like how HR leaders are thinking about this. The way they are thinking about it is like they figure out the compensation, stock options, then comes hedge plans, retirements, and then a range of benefits.
And that's where we live. There is something a limited with the financial aspects of 4 onek.
We need to be plugged that a limited at that moment. But what's also clear is that it's a shop cat like talking about being competitive and making benchmark.
To attract tenants and employee retention. They talk a lot about the competition and be attractive as a company.
And so it was we thought a lot about, but actually attracting talent seems to be really big in terms of like department leaders and therefore.
Next slide, Interesting as well. We don't know about the decision making. There is some sort of like maybe like, you know, real interest, but like CEO led impact.
Really like both the entire thing, right? When there is a seer of, you know, impact completely, or something like that, and that drives a lot.
In many cases, we and, ERG are making requests. And so, we all need to be super users for us and bring the art to the attention of leadership.
Really important that this because could be also alongside cycle. We need to equate. HR leaders for the discussion with the CFO.
And cost efficiency, came up like a lot. They negotiate like big time, so we need like demos, posters, and you don't like to be able to defend the budget on that moment of the decision.
So typically September to December. So how much of this plan is coming from what you all think you should do versus what you learn from those interviews.
About our product or whatever. It's 100% coming from them. Got it. So these 3 things are what's in out of those 9 conversations.
Yeah, at the almost, that we feel like we need to talk to CFO, And then for that second line that you're talking about, is that the CFO who you're dealing with to lead to that commitment?
We don't know yet, we are, it depends on the outreach, the code, and it's like, what it says to you. Got it.
Okay, so you have you haven't gotten that for further along with them? No, no, yeah, it could be.
That's an innovator CFO, would actually make a defense because it bring a prostitution CSR and bring that to be a some customers, but we can do this. Okay, all right.
So I have more, I think, one has been more time to do all the wrap my head around like what that second deal looks like.
And then who else is in the pipeline? That doesn't become what you want and you don't secure them.
Are we actively working on any other clients to convert? Right. Yeah, but cool. Any other questions, comments, feedback from the room?
Slow down. Cool. Beautiful. Are those meta glasses working still?
Oh yeah
Oops, I gotta change the logo on that. Yeah, we have a new name.
Alright, bye. Do we have a new name? Thank you.
Yes, ma'am. Okay, so, This is kind of a pure job to be done.
Situation for us because we actually didn't have a product. We decided we were gonna pivot away from Alibi.
And we knew that we wanted to maybe go off to the dentist's industry just because Alan comes from a family dentist.
So we said, Hey, we can meet with a lot of people in the dentist industry very quickly.
So that's kind of where this is born out of. So next slide and I can get started on the clusters.
Thank you. So the first cluster is the statement that we made for it is when I see my receptionist missed customer calls because she is busy.
I want to hire another receptionist so I can see more patients because my business does well. My family will have a better life.
Dental offices.
What's the context? Receptionist for what kind of office? Dental offices. Okay, good.
I knew that. I was trying to help you out.
Yeah, so, this we've actually grouped together a bunch of independently owned dental offices.
That means the dentist who operates that office owns that place and it's just one place that he owns.
Oh, perha, wait a second. Sorry, I'm cutting you off, but you gotta set a stage here.
What happened? What is the deal here? This is where we're going from night clubs and dental offices.
Yeah.
Give us some context, you know, wet the appetite a little bit. How many fast?
Okay, I mean if you guys saw my update yesterday it'll provide some more contacts but for anyone who didn't read it, essentially the idea behind this was We understood that we've just been ignoring a bunch of red flags when it comes to the nightlife industry over and over again.
There was traction that was good on the customer side, but on sorry on the club goer side, but not on the customer side for us, right?
And so we just kept ignoring this because we saw more and more shots on the club go over side, but we realized we can't actually monetize any of this properly.
So, we sat down with a bunch of the mentors and they were like, dude, don't get married to an idea or a solution.
Just go out and find something and build a machine to validate it. So we were like, we have a machine to validate.
It's called jobs to be done. So why don't we just go out and interview a bunch of people that have that are in a variety of different industries and just see what.
How do you choose this problem?
Well, we decided, okay, we need to figure out what's in our network that we can easily access.
So one of the biggest things is Alan comes from a family of generations of dentists. His dad's 1 of the most well respected, best artists in the world.
Yeah.
So we're like, he's got the right connections to introduce us to a bunch of dentists.
Let's just go interview dentists and see what problems they have. So we started off with a few friends of Alan's dad who own their own dentist practices and these are individually owned dentist practices so That's the statement that we've made for those people.
Biggest thing is they're losing revenue every time they miss a call or like their receptionist just isn't on the ball because that's dollars in their pocket.
If you quote it, an appointment is at least a couple of $100 in profits. So missing a call is like a drop goal.
Alright, Damon, thank you.
That's what someone had told us. Like, Cool. So the motivation behind this is super emotional.
These people own their dentistry practices and that's sort of their livelihood. This is what they used to provide for their family, etc.
Next slide. Is our next cluster, which is when the business is in a bit of a slump, I want to start doing more outbound calls so I can expand my business to more locations.
Now these our dentistry practices that are owned by people who have multiple locations. So we're looking at around 5 to 6 locations on average that they have.
Yep.
The forces that are driving this is slow business and they want to expand as fast as possible because they want to get to a point where their own multiple, offices.
And the motivation behind it is social. We've just seen that a lot of these people are at a point now where they're comfortable financially and their families are doing well.
They just want the social status that comes with owning a bunch of dental clinics.
Just some feedback here from what I'm seeing so far. It seems like these insights that you're presenting to us are very high level.
Darby.
So I think there's a level of visceral specificity that I'd be looking for to better understand the domain space.
That being said, you got wind in your sales because these are all believable things that you've said so far.
So I think there's something there, but we've got to take a few layers deeper to make sure that we know exactly where to focus.
Absolutely. I think this needs a lot more analysis. I just haven't had the time to do it because all these interviews were done last week.
So.
It's a turnaround. Yeah, I understand.
Alright, so last slide is what we're gonna go after by the way, which are DSOs.
So when I look at our quarterly reports and analyze them, I want to figure out a way of increasing my bottom line because my firm is over leveraged and we need cash to make interest payments.
What?
Okay.
So, our private equity firms. That take a bunch of money from from banks as loans and use it to buy hundreds of dental clinics.
Wow.
They are not run by dentists. They are finance browse. And their biggest motivation is cash.
So they don't really care about employees. They don't really care about their customers.
They just want to squeeze as much money out of their dental clinics as possible. A quote that directly relates to this is I'm a numbers guy.
I want my, I want to know how I can maximize the profitability of each of my practices.
That's what someone during an interview had told us.
I think in my tea just got a lot wider. I'm excited about this. So this is quite the aim.
I wasn't I wasn't expecting this. I just came out of that field. So, A lot to figure out.
I'm gonna shut up and let anyone else in the room or on the call speak up if you want, but I have a lot to talk to.
We're, Rhonda.
That's where we're on.
That's not from the ride. What the next step is here, but I think they're swinging for the fence.
They're trying to make a lot of money here. I like it.
A prototype, Neil, we're selling right now. We're shipping.
You're scaring me a little bit though, cause I don't know if I told you, but you heard my story with the outcome health, right?
Yeah.
Contacts video health. Do you know the original business model for the company? Was alcohol. It was liquor stores.
No way.
That's helpful.
And then they dipped it to diabetes medical clinics. So you're talking about nightclubs to freak residential offices and I'm like, is this like what is going on in my life?
Yeah.
Alright.
Like I feel like for a loop here so I just need to show that let it play out. We're on, where does.
Okay, so Rhonda is Alan's dad's, receptionist.
She's worked for him for 15 years. Alan's dad's bike dentist by the way or like for certain things.
So I've seen her in in action and she is awesome. She's the best her job. I've never seen a better dental receptionist in my life.
We realized that every dentist needs a Rhonda or every DSO in this case needs to Rhonda.
That is, I love that.
So that's why we called Yeah. Yeah, if you call her, she'll recognize your name just from your voice and she will instantly remember everything about the vacation that you said you were going on, your kids, your wife, your family, like she, she knows everything about you and she provides the best quality of care and that's why she's been around for 15 years with my dad
We got it. Where do you hope to be by demo day?
Couple like Iterations of the of the prototype that we already have. And yeah, that's kinda where we wanna be.
I'm zoom for the fences here, so we'll see. Or swinging for the fences, that's the right term.
That's awesome. About I need to speak up or come up here. These more like long off dental stores.
I'm gonna be like dental practices like have you looked into like how they are feeling about I guess like, yeah.
I really don't care about the mom and pop dental practices because to be able to scale this very quickly, selling to each one individually seems like a complete waste of time.
Whereas if I have a 45 min call with one dentist who owns one practice and a 45 min call with one DSO owner who owns 150 practices.
My time is better spent on the DSO. And by the way, 40% of all dental clinics are gonna be owned by DSOs in the next 2 years.
So, it's a big enough market to go after.
And also DSOs are outsourcing all the receptionist work to call centers right now.
No answer. Okay, cool. Thank you, Brian. We're gonna probably move on.
Thank you.
I think that was perfect. We'll talk more about it.
Yes, everything in the, who is it? Yeah, Okay.
My stuff should be in there too. I think I'm allowed.
Okay, Okay.
Yeah.
Good everyone. Protection for employee stock compensation. Next slide. So we spoke with 12 people, 3 liars.
One decent pay went really, really well. Next slide. And so our screening criteria was Tux was looking for tech finance oil company employees, stock packages that have vested in the last 2 to 3 vesting dates.
And sold that more than a 20% loss. The context here is that we thought selling at a 20% loss can be thought of as paying a 20% fee to have your stock.
And so if you're willing to pay a 20% fee to ensure that you can get your RSUs and you may be willing to pay for tucks.
Just kind of a competitive play. So moving into our first cluster. So what I'm preparing to buy, actually buying or renovating my dream home, I want additional cash as soon as possible.
So that I'm financially positioned in the best possible way to place an offer and handle a mortgage.
Some, call out where up the bush was around, this time element. So a lot of these individuals had a deal, this time element.
So a lot of these individuals had ideal lots of clothes or We had someone who said like as soon as they started digging for the pool I had to pay kind of thing and then the poll was that typically the had the least opportunity cost when it came to looking for cash.
And so there were no 4 1 k. Like taking your money out there was no kind of reprimandations or consequences of using RSUs.
One big anxiety was a lot of people mentioned the stock was going up and they thought it would go up and it could have meant they could have used more money for the home or for changes.
The biggest thing here was around social elements. So comparing themselves to other people as well as one person filling promises to their children.
So how many questions do we have? So we have time for discussion. That one was super interesting. So I have a lot of questions about it, but I'm gonna show that let you finish the other 2.
Upside of my RSU you seem underwhelming and unable to make a substantial impact on my disposal.
I want to pull my cash out of lower reward. So I can take matters into my own hand and engage with investments that have more life-changing opportunity like crypto.
And so this one, the biggest thing to call out is that there wasn't really a habit or anxiety for these individuals because they formed a .
Selling years ago. So no matter what happens when these assets best, they're like, I'm not gonna start up.
I'm not worried about the upside. I sold the orange juice. I wanna put in Bitcoin because they know they're not gonna get rich off of the company stop.
Wouldn't, but wouldn't an anxiety be like, or inactivity or I mean, I'm guessing here I didn't do those interviews, but there's almost always at least a few habits and anxiety is going on so I'm wondering whether we did the work to uncover them or not.
I guess maybe we didn't do the work on COVID. I think the biggest thing with these individuals was this was a habit they formed.
Years ago in terms of selling no matter what happened to stocks. We've been great. It's not reading poorly.
They didn't care because they didn't think there was any value other than using it as a vehicle to become rich.
Out of lower award assets. I want, I want, my interest is in making money. Like, what, what's the underlying motivation?
What am I trying to do with this money? Like life changing in what way? What am I going to spend my money on from this cluster?
Time A doughnut? They just want the more money. They just want a bigger number in their bank account or they want to do something with it.
Not only is something we uncovered what they wanted to do with, that's why I mean, you know, that's because you wanna know what they like the desired outcome, right?
You said, let's just say here. So that I can take matters into my own hands and engage with investments.
That have more life changing opportunity like crypto. Okay, I have story eyes about the money I may, but then I just, Scrooge McDuck and sit on my money or what do I do?
Let's go back. Okay, like that first. Which is probably where they overcame those.
I think is that there's probably a suburb of people here spend their money in a similar way.
And that they're interested in accumulating wealth in a particular way for a particular reason that you might be able to target.
But it's kind of using and get them to join you unless you. Acknowledge to them that you understand what their end goal is.
Right? Definitely. And so what I notice changes in my stock, company stock price impact my ability to prepare for retirement.
I want to take advantage of my RSUs for diversification and the 4 1 k contributions so I can grow my well steadily while being tasted of living.
What's the cost of living? What's the well? What are we doing with it? Tell me this one.
Did you hear anything from this one? And so for this one, for example, these individuals would user or use to increase their forward K contributions and then or increase the forward contributions and then sell the RSC to just have that as their salary.
Is it MTV Gribs? Is it a May back? Like what are we doing? Are we moving to the Bahamas?
Like what are we trying to do with all the A family? So this somebody that had the desire of retiring early.
So one first one was I wanna retire at 55 and start my own business. I don't like the idea of working for the people.
See what we have to do here. I think so. The desired outcome is missing from all of these.
So what's cool is like it feels like you've tapped into something real for each of them.
So these are all believable, right? I think all of us can either relate or understand people who are in the situation.
But I think what we're lacking is the underlying like Hi, for to achieve additional wealth. Right?
If there's spending money in the short term, there's long term, there's all types of other motivations.
Once you understand why I'm doing it in the first place, then you can speak to that and then deal with all the other details that you've successfully uncovered.
Yeah, I guess question on that for question 3. Yeah, when we're looking at again, we saw this as a functional thing around retiring early retiring, which is something that's 30, 40 years into the future.
That's what they're saying. But what is actually going? I don't know. I mean, I could be wrong about this for my suspicion is that it's not just about.
Retiring. It's also about something going on in the near term that they're trying to do.
Retire early involves a lot of different financial decisions. It involves investments, long-term and short term, near-term, right?
So they're making big best to increase their wealth. They want to invest in property, they want to invest in other things that are going to be assets over time.
I'm guessing. You know better than me. That's what I'd like the insights Yeah, really excited.
I don't think the other jobs and I can talk about all this. Yeah, she's the first to go when it comes to needing cash immediately.
If people view that our users worthless, they're willing to place them in rich assets.
And then people don't realize that the RSU is decreasing have a big impact on their salary.
So in an individual quoted saying, you started out as making 30% of my salary, but now they only make 3%.
But in reality, the percentage didn't change just the value of the so from pure financial standpoint, are we, what's our promise to them?
You sign up for tops and net and net, you're taking home anywhere from 5 to 10% more and you're backing count by the end of the year or what?
What's our profits? Our value proposition, our promise. Yeah, our value proposition is, being able to protect your downside and participate in the upside.
And so you don't have to, you don't have to sell immediately because things like that.
If you want to, you still can cash out and make that money. But if you want to. Right downside, and that's all gobbly cook.
I'm a simple person who has a job at a company that pays me with our shoes. What do I more money or less?
More money. More money. How much?
No, no, we're not talking about that where is that what they care about Okay, I was like, for example, with the household.
What they really cared about was like, I want the house. I want a dream house. I want Yeah, that first one you talked about, right?
Yeah, so, so anyway, that's not getting it. Like the language you need to speak to, you know, you guys are in the land of technicalities around how these instruments work, which is great.
You have to zoom out, get back to the human element here, which is I want my dream home and I want you to make it easy for me to attain that by sending up for your service as opposed to what I'm currently doing, which is too messy.
Yeah. All right, Nelson has something to say.
Yeah, sorry. I haven't contributed much. I'm just, I'm wondering, so.
I don't, I haven't, I don't have a lot of experience with RSUs, right?
But I, my impression here is that RSUs are a big chunk of people's compensation.
And they're different than like regular tech or regular shares, right? So you've got a population of people, they're being compensated with these things and they're not financially savvy about like how to manage them, when to sell them, how they can contribute to their wealth, right?
So like, I think that it meals right, like to piggyback on the technicality piece of it, but I feel like it's almost like you've got a bunch of people with these things and they don't really know what to do with these things so they can go accomplish their goals, you know, and so like one of the things they need to do is protect the downside.
One of the other things that they need to do is understand or maybe not understand but have somebody advise them on you know, how can this contribute to my wealth?
How do I manage this like an asset? Cause like I understand it better. So like I'm not doing stupid things.
I'm not like spelling low, you know, and like flushing money down the toilet.
I'm not turning them into, you know, like get rich quick schemes, whatever like I think that there's like a financial education component that goes along with each other things and like the the value prop is like Hey, you got all these RFUs like this is how you're getting paid.
Hucks can help you be smart about. That so that you get more money so that you maximize your upside, your potential like you're not, you know.
It's like nobody's helping these people be sophisticated about these arcs except like maybe HR and maybe like if they have a financial advisor or whatever but what about everybody else right so Yeah, I mean that's my take on it there.
Yeah. No, exactly. I think that's also, I'll be quick, but that's the feedback we got from a lot of mentors, which is that there is a lot of education that needs to be happened that needs to happen here and then we've also then been talking to like financially advisors who've been mentioning the problems they face with dealing with people who have our issues and that's the biggest
thing where it's like. There's some millionaires who like have no idea what's do with their money, how to optimize it.
And then they end up making all these mistakes. And then they go to financial advisor and realize, hey, like, I kind of shrewd this up. How can we fix it?
Definitely our next steps. Thanks, you see any, What's happening with our fact that almost. Big to tax.
Yeah. Yeah, so when we talk to the interviewees, no, they didn't really mention much about the tax application, so they treated it like cash.
Especially the ones who had things they already had in mind on what they're going to do with it when they wanted to sell.
So the house.
Correct. But then when we spoke to financial advisors, they were like, that's their biggest sell is like, we can help you with tax optimization.
Because they can't, use, use as asset under management. So the person may be actually making 3 million dollars a year, but because 2 million is an RSUs that can only have 1 million in assets.
And so the only thing they can optimize for is hey, you help you with taxes when ideally they want to be having 3 million under their asset management kind of Interesting.
So I think what Jeremy speaking to, which you are probably already aware of and thought about, is the opportunity for extreme simplification of visualizing the potential trade offs and implications of a pathway with their RC, you know, resources.
Yeah. So you have a lot of interesting opportunities there assuming there's an appetite demand for that kind of support.
So Alright, well done.
Bye.
Okay.
Oh
Alright, Nelson?
Yes, you are.
Alright, I think am I bringing this home here? Alright, cool, cool. Yeah, we'll see.
So you want to go on so I'm building on a presentation I showed you guys last time so just to refresh your memory I showed you guys last time so just to refresh your memory we screened you guys last time so just to refresh your. I showed you guys last time. So, just to refresh your memory, we, we screen through a survey.
We had a medical bill over $500 which is the sort of affordability threshold that a lot of the research firms use KFF and whatnot and it hired a third party to help them.
So we talked to 10, we found 7 that really fit the bill. We found 3 others that were sort of advocates.
Last time I talked to you guys I hadn't folded in the insights from the other 3 so I have had a chance to go through and parts those, but, I'm mainly,
Nelson. I wanted to mention you on the screening criteria here and I just wanted to put everyone's attention onto this slide for a second.
This is very clear. And if you're gonna do another round of interviews, I'd encourage this level of clarity.
Right? It's not too much, it's not too deep. It's very, very dialed in.
$500 or more on a third party medical bill advocate in the last 6 to 12 months. Right?
This is that's awesome. And then the fact that they interviewees were super diverse as well. Meaning the demographics were all over the place.
That's exactly the point. It's less about that and more about the situation of I spent money on a medical bill advocate.
Great job. Let's jump straight. The clusters.
Thanks. Sure. So, first pass, you, you guys saw this before.
One of the, the feedbacks that I got was, you need to quote people, these seem to sort of elevated.
So go to the next slide. You're gonna see this.
Yeah, go down to the cluster.
So, so I clustered it in these 3 areas. The first is the people that need help getting this done quickly.
So one thing that emerged, getting this done quickly. So one thing that emerged was it takes a long time to deal with this stuff and one person had a burning platform where and this is something that I found happens.
Not infrequently, which is you're with a health care system all the doctors that you see are part of this system and your local.
Region right and they won't let you book another doctors appointment until you resolve your bill, right? So like you got this bill and you're in dispute and you're going back and forth and it's taking weeks.
And then something goes wrong with your health and you need to see a doctor and then it all of a sudden it's like they're holding a gun to your back like hey pay the bill or you're just gonna be sick like you see your doctor.
So that was like the most extreme version of help me resolve this quickly. And that's what caused somebody to say, I don't have time for that.
Get a result quickly. The second cluster is what's the real number? So some people were like You know, I want third parties.
I want people to tell me you know, how to how to work this, how to resolve it, how to how to get it down to the number.
I know this number isn't right, but I don't have all the skills to negotiate on my own behalf.
Help me get to the real number. And the final one is smaller, but it was a really interesting insight.
Which was, you know, I don't just wanna get to the number, I need financing and right now I need to choose between the 2.
Like if I, if I want a payment plan, if I wanna be able to pay month by month, then the hospital system is going to make me swallow the whole bill.
Like if I want to, if I find somebody who can help me negotiate the bill, they want all the money up front because they want to take their percentage of the payment.
And like, so I got to choose between those 2 things and I actually talked to somebody who had gone for the higher bill because she could.
Make it work with her cash flow. So the last is a sort of a financing thing.
Okay, so which one? Which one are we going for first?
So. Go to the next slide. There it is. Number 2.
He was ready. Okay.
Number 2, what's the real number? And you know, part of what's been happening in the background.
Okay, got it. That's it.
In addition to JTVD, is my mentor is telling me, hey man, you gotta launch this thing like this is not you know, a technical problem to get this out into the market, like there's a way to start helping people.
Yep.
And so I put the wheels in motion to do that. So I put a teaser out on social media.
I got a ton of impressions. I got a bunch of people hit me back up. Like this is awesome.
Use this, whatever. So, initial marketing responses like this is good. You know, the market is prime for this.
And on the next step, slide, which is next.
Howdy, how about you coming to the market? How do you find the market? Tell me, I love that you're getting initial like interest.
But like to help me understand what that translates to in terms of like. Acquisition, adoption, you know, what does that mean to you?
So what I the real goal is to get some customer stories out of this to like to start get the muscle memory of running through the process with my team to look at like what's the range of issues that we're getting with the bill, like what are the processes that we're using to uncover the issues and and the steps to resolve them so we can get an estimate of like how much time do we have to put
into this to get a resolved bill out the other end and that will help us figure out how to price it.
We need to get them kudos from from people that we helped so we can use those to market because social trust It's a big thing with its staff like people need to be able to trust this with their financial and their health data.
So
Yeah. Yeah, and Nelson, what you just said was I think what I was trying to get at by asking you the question, which is come demo day.
Okay.
Yeah.
My instinct is it's all well and good to get people hyped about what you're doing but at the same time it's far more important for you to deliver on these successful outcome from actually addressing.
Yes. Yes.
The and if you have like I would take one incredible success story over 1,000 people saying that they're interested.
Yeah. Yeah.
In this platform. Because if you have that one success story, it gives you the truth and the trust and the validation you need to get the other 990.
Okay.
Yep. So that's what I'm working on. If you go to the next slide, slide number 8.
So there's some legalities involved, like I'm taking on liability and also I need to have people release their information to them.
So there's privacy, there's liability, so I'm working with my lawyers. I should have the draft contracts.
That I'll have people sign docusign or to go through the process with me by I don't know, tomorrow, Friday.
Okay.
So, that's cool. Then that'll give me the legal. Paperwork that I can use to actually start.
Doing this work for people. We're developing marketing materials by marketing materials. I mean, I'm working on a landing page that I can link to with social media posts.
So it's like Click here, the landing page will say this is what we're going to do for you.
There'll be a little form that people fill out. We take the form. There's some HIPAA.
Kalisthenics we need to do to make sure that they're not transmitting sensitive data.
But basically they fill out a form, we review it, we have a little call with them on zoom.
They give us their details and then, you know, we resolve it. So. That's, that's the meat of it.
That's Hmm.
So Nelson, this is actually what I'm worried about. I'm working that we're going to speak to this marketing stuff before we have.
The strength of evidence of delivering on the outcome. Like why spend time on this as opposed to getting the real number and getting the case study of helping someone get to that satisfaction.
I don't think you need to have big marketing bush or tuning marketing to accomplish the goal for the user that you want to help.
Or do you need?
Well, I, I mean, I guess there's marketing and there's marketing. I just want to have like, basically like a digital flyer that I can point to you know when I reach out to people on social media and I'm like I can help you with their medical bill they're like tell me more you know and I'm like here here What I mean, right?
So.
I feel like there's people who are in a very particular situation right now that you can Like literally hunt down direct sales and target.
Hmm.
And help with this before. I don't know. This is you and I can talk about this separately and offline, but like my instinct is that we might spend a lot of time distracting ourselves with a larger push.
To build a brand and a reputation and awareness around something that you need to just make sure that you can do for a smaller group of people first.
Yeah, yeah. I mean, I'm pretty much ready to deliver it. Like once I have the, the contracts that I can get people to sign.
I'm pretty much ready to just start doing it and learning by doing. So, you know, anything I can do to streamline.
And there's no there's no up there's no upper limit to that.
Getting out of my own way. I mean, the upper limit would be, you know, we're slammed and we put people on a wait list.
So. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so.
Okay. Okay. Well, thanks. Oh, David has one comment.
I was going to say, we had a talk with a mentor about like oxygen level need and I feel like your customers all of them have like I think there's nothing more important than being able to do that.
So what are you saying around like Is marketing important versus like getting like your first customers like? I feel like they need you.
Hmm.
Immediately kind of thing compared to like I think about our business like you can sign up for protection today you can set up a couple of weeks like if I have a medical need today that's really not something you can delay and the marketing for might not be as important as opposed to the service you can provide them.
Please go away.
Just go. I love it. I love it. Yeah, I mean one of my mentors that I was talking to was like, oh my daughter just had this.
Okay.
It's you. Can you help her? I was like, under my way. Oh, people are coming out of the woodwork.
Do you agree with that? You should be working on the marketing while still going to record because you have such great insights like you're ready just like Find those people.
Go back to the people that you were talking to. I want to see enhanced products. I want to see over delivery on success.
I want to see the details around how your service will work. Using the insights that you have now, how you're gonna enhance the aspects of what you're gonna walk people through to get to the truth and to get to success.
How many more? Maybe offline about that, but yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, of course. Okay, thank you. So, and then, so that he will watch this step.
She will respond to you probably with like what she thought of it, anything that you guys need to work on.
For those of you who need to do another round, do that, especially for you who have 2 sided marketplaces and we can go through this with you again.
If you keep working on this and finish the job 3 done checklist, this is just one part of it.
You can unlock one to 2 h prototyping and implications chat with me. So that's the potential. Thanks.
This is the end of our required curriculum, but there's so much more that you can take advantage of if you want to keep working on it for your business.
One more thing I want to say. Just like with the financial model. There's a third.
That kinda Doesn't take it seriously and it drifts off and this whole thing of jobs was more of a favorite us that it was something that you took seriously for yourself and for your business.
There's a third that kind of did it. You know, still kind of says they think about it and do it, but like basically talks to customers in a more casual way.
And then there's a third and go, no, this is actually pivotal to our business.
We need to invent it into our DNA. So going forward as we acquire customers, we know exactly what they're coming in with and what they need and how our businesses evolving over time as we are more customers.
Those are the companies that are still around after many years. So I just wanna call that out. And if all of you want to think of yourselves as in that latter category, the final third that actually take it seriously.
Then you're gonna keep going on this and you're gonna make sure that everyone you present this to including us.
Feels effusive and in support of you about that direction. Cool. Alright. Yeah, I've one question on the, on, yeah, how you choose the cluster. So we're not there yet.
We don't have clusters very clearly. But hopefully we will soon. Is it the judgment, how do you decide which cluster to zoom it?
Is it what you were saying? Oh yeah, I love it's the poster that says I love your product.
And so this is where the type of customer I go for or is it something? Clusters to focus on or do you focus on all 3 something along those lines?
So. If you are a more mature company. You're interviewing your existing customers and you're identifying these clusters based on who you already serve.
Most of you all are not in that situation. You're in the aspirational phase, so you're discovering what the clusters are so your opportunity is we can choose one of these to prioritize as a beach hit.
We're aware of the other needs and the other jobs, but we're going to design for this particular job case right now.
And once we nail that, knock it out the part, we can then go back and address the other clusters or other ones that we haven't uncovered yet.
Does that make sense? What I teach in my clustering workshop part 4, which you can go back and watch is like where's the most energy?
Are you passionate about? What are you, like you guys as people genuinely interested in going after? What is the easiest and most feasible according to what you already have and how that's access to, like maybe Nelson has access to finding the most people that like really want a lower price.
And the third one is where's the most energy? So which one is that morphine or oxygen paying?
There is a Trinity. Between your KPIs. Your jobs to be done and your financial model.
There's there's a holy like union there. I'm telling you where once you understand the job like Mal and and X- they can add that to their model and go okay this group has this pain and this is their what they're leaving on the table this group has this pain and this is their what they're leaving on the table this is their upside and downside risk Therefore, in the model, it should translate to
this, and we can even increase the likelihood of the smaller business as well if we hit these APIs.
So there's a way to keep this very fuzzy qualitative conversation we just had about the concepts of your customers and your needs and those forces into actual numbers that lead to real business outcomes for you guys.
But I want you all to balance sophisticated dance of the qualitative and quantitative piece. So don't.
Fall store in either category. Yeah, it's like the Harry Potter definitely has. Okay, gotcha.
Everybody on Zoom will see you at 1230. Everybody here will also see you at 1230. Alright.
Would you say so? Yes. That was a good setup. Oh really what?
Yeah, I was thinking. I'm not doing